Thank you
Put it on for me quick
Tomorrow
Will be a celebration
For our princess
How could I let
My little princess
Be outdone by others?
Brother
I only won
A small ten-billion project
And you’ve already given me
Such an expensive gift
If I accidentally make Qín Shì
The richest group in the world
What will you do then?
Then I’ll have no choice but to mooch off you
And let you support me for life
Mhm
I’ll support you for life
This time
The show was so successful
President Qín, you
Played a huge role
Not at all
It’s also thanks to
President Lǐ’s support
That it was such a success
In the future
We’ll need President Lǐ
To guide us even more
Guide? I wouldn’t dare
From the moment
Of the signing ceremony to the show
I’ve always firmly
Supported you, President Qín
Shouldn’t you, President Qín
Show a little something in return?